Moduls of student information management system:
                                     The system has different segments to process a specific task which is the models this will be help the system to develop easily and makes it more user friendly the models of the projects are:-Login module-
this will help users to login into the system using institute ID and password .user who has the valid ID and password can only login to their respective accounts.
it will help the authentication of the user who enters the system. the model provides a layer of security over the system as only authorised personnel can login into the system.
this prevents from any anonymous person to enter the system and mis handle the records. it is better than the manual method as they do not have any security measure of who can access the system and who cannot.

Registration module:
                  This module the student will get register as it is new in the educational institute.it will be formed like structure where all the student details will be filled.
it will have the fields regarding their personal information like date of birth and address along with that it will also ask its professional details of previous education if it has.
This module is present online the student can register them from anywhere in the internet is present. as after registration information will go to the admin for authentication.




FEATURES:
         student information system has gained huge popularity in the educational sector because of its enqueue characteristics which has helped countless schools and higher educational institute immensely. Here are some value features of student information management system.


Students online record mainatance:
                        The vast amount of information generated by every student can systematically and efficiently be updated on the Student data management software thereby facilitating the administration to manage as well as organised all kinds of information ready to be used as when needed.

Online registration:
                  The system facilities the students in applying and registration online,thereby eliminating any kind of physical attendance for the admission process. Time notification and emails are sent to the students Informing them about every admission process taking place online.


Online fee payment: 
                   Parents and students alike can pay the fees online via in mode of their choice.this insures hassle free and error-free collection of fees without any burden on the step as well as the students.

Mobile app:
         with latest advancement in technology parents have also become digital and his further proposed the need to communicate via digital means.with a perfect schedule neither the teachers or administration nor the parents have any time for offline Max and notice.
